You just get home from school and your mom tells you that she is going next door to take something to your best friend’s mom. While your mom is gone, you notice smoke and flames coming from your best friend’s house. You decide to call 9-1-1.
Your big sister is home from college and you are going with her to the mall. As you leave your neighborhood, a big truck comes by and accidentally hits your car. Your sister hits her head on the steering wheel and is bleeding and having a hard time talking to you. You know you need to get help. You use her cell phone to call 9-1-1.
You are waiting outside your house to go to school. While you are waiting, you see a person who is riding his bike has just been hit by a car. He is lying in the street and doesn’t get up. You don’t have a cell phone, but your friend does. The only problem is, she is too afraid to do anything. You know the man needs help, so you take your friend’s cell phone and decide to call 9-1-1. 
You are spending the night with your best friend. When you both wake up in the morning you go to find his mom. She is still in bed and is having trouble getting up. She is also having trouble talking to you both. You know she needs help and decide to call 9-1-1.
You and your big brother are home alone. You two are sitting on the couch eating popcorn and watching a movie. All of a sudden your brother turns to you and he is holding his throat. He can’t talk and appears to be choking. You know you need to call 9-1-1. 
Your mom went to the store and left you with your dad. You are watching TV and dad is working in the garage. You decide to go see what he is doing and when you go out in the garage you see your dad laying on the ground. He isn’t moving. You know you need to call 9-1-1.  
You are waiting in the car for your mom so you can go to the store. After a few minutes, she doesn’t come outside, so you go back into the house to get her. You find her laying on the ground in the kitchen and she doesn’t respond when you call out to her. You decide to call 9-1-1. 
Your parents are out shopping and your big brother is in the middle of cooking dinner when he goes outside to talk to a friend. While he’s gone, you notice the stove has caught on fire. You go outside but can’t find your brother. You know you need to call 9-1-1. 
